Oh, Xu.
Thanks to you.
I bought stocks and they went up, and now I'm not only relieved
I made a lot of money.
Hey, our show is also popular.
This time it's really popular
It's on fire
Then the master means to let me continue to host the financial stone text
Of course.
I promise not three days.
The audience of Financial Stone Wen will definitely expand 10 times, no
A hundred times hahaha
Then I have to congratulate you in advance.
But sorry
I want to quit my job.
What's wrong?
Xiao Xu, I was the one who said heavy language just now
You are the host of the Zhou family's Jinding
And our financial affairs Wang is also invested by Zhou's Group
You can't go
Ah master, didn't you watch the news?
The Zhou Group will no longer fund our programs
If you keep me here again
Are you not afraid to offend the Zhou Group?
Zhou Yanjing withdrew
just right
Miss Xu's show in the future
Fully sponsored by our ship king family
Mr. Zhao, what do you mean?
This is the social partner that Mr. Zhou found for Zhou Yanjing
Rong Yizhen, since you are now single again
I will pursue you with all my strength, so I wish Mr. Zhou and Miss Easy True a happy wedding
Xu Shiya wanted to cry, so she cried out loud, waiting for you to be with me
Let's go in front of him and piss him off
Hu Bin